Concession and Reclamation: Britain’s Early Role in Shaping Modern Iran

Muhammad Musaddiq became the new Iranian Prime Minister in 1951.  Shortly after he assumed office, the Majlis, or parliament, voted to nationalize the country’s oil industry, effectively taking control of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company from the British. By October of the same year, all British subjects were expelled from the country.  The British grudgingly left Iran, sending paratroopers and a battleship to areas surrounding the oil fields. 
By 1952, the British foreign intelligence agency, known as M16, developed a plan to take down Musaddiq, codenamed “Operation Boot”.  Because the British were no longer welcome in Iran, they needed to enlist the help of the Americans, who, though critical of Musaddiq, did not share Britain’s anger.  A 1951 Time Magazine article said the following: “Washington regards him as an honest fanatic who is hard to deal with, but preferable to the Communist Tudeh Party which might take over Iran if he should fall. London regards Mossadegh distastefully as a man who humiliated Britain, broke a contract, and cannot be trusted.” So while the British were primarily concerned with re-gaining oil control in the region, they presented the project to the CIA under the guise of a communist threat.  The M16 liaison to the Foreign Office, Monty Woodhouse, explained: 
“Not wishing to be accused of trying to use the Americans for pulling British  chestnuts out of the fire, I decided to emphasize the Communist threat to Iran rather than the need to recover control over the oil industry.”
Woodhouse was successful; the CIA picked up the project and renamed it Operation Ajax.  In August 1953, after months of intense psychological warfare against Musaddiq, the CIA succeeded in overthrowing the Prime Minister and returning Reza Shah to the throne.  In doing so, they overthrew an immensely popular, democratically elected prime minister in favor a monarch, who would grow increasingly oppressive over the next thirty years.  “By placing Mohammad Reza Shah back on his Peacock Throne, the United States brought Iran’s long, slow progress to democracy to a screeching halt.”  
In his book All the Shah’s Men, Kinzer correctly asserts that the events of the 1953 coup d’état played a crucial role in both the later 1979 revolution and Iranian hostage crisis.  Specifically, Operation Ajax generated massive anti-American sentiment that continues to inform Iranian politics to this day.  While this is true, the origins of Iranian anti-Western sentiment can be traced much earlier, not to the Americans, but to the British.  This is apparent with the fact that Musaddiq ran for office on the sole promise of freeing Iran from British oppression.  From the first Anglo-Persian concession agreements in the late nineteenth century, the British government took advantage of Iran’s weak, disconnected government and, by promoting only their own oil interests in the region, worked against the stabilization of the Iranian economy.  Additionally, the British government opposed the establishment of democracy in Iran.  Discontent with such oppressive policies culminated in 1951 with the election of Musaddiq. 

Economic Subjugation
From the discovery of oil in southwest Iran in 1908, through the majority of the twentieth century, concession agreements governed control over the vast majority of the world’s oil resources.  Concession agreements are arrangements where the government of a country owning a coveted resource – in this case oil – allows another government or foreign private business control over this resource in a defined area for a finite period of time.  The concessionaire bears the burden of financial and commercial risk, but also the potential for profit.  The concessionaire pays some specified sums to the government as owner of the resources. 
The first major Anglo-Iranian concession was granted in 1872 by Nasir al-Din Shah of the Qajar dynasty.  Though the concession did not deal specifically with oil, it set the precedent for all future British-Iranian economic dealings, which would soon almost exclusively concern oil.  The Reuter concession, as it became known, granted Baron Julius de Reuter, a German-born resident of London, exclusive rights to exploit all mineral resources in the entire area of Persia, as well as construct and operate roads, railways, telegraph lines, and water canals, in exchange for a down payment of 40,000 pounds.  A British official described this agreement as “the most complete and extraordinary surrender of the entire industrial resources of a kingdom into foreign hands that has probably ever been dreamt of, much less accomplished, in history.”  The concession was cancelled due to its immense unpopularity among eminent Persians, and replaced with a new, more limited concession to Reuter in 1889.  This Bank-e Sahi concession gave Reuter the right to exploit all mineral resources, including oil, and to establish a bank. This led to the establishment of a Persian mining corporation that was ultimately liquidated ten years later due to a lack of financing. 
Antoine Ketabchi Khan attended the Paris Exhibition in 1900 as the Persian commissioner-general. He was an early advocate for the development of the oil industry in Iran and attended the Paris Exhibition with the purpose of finding an investor willing to take up the petroleum concession in Iran, although no oil had yet been discovered. William Knox D’Arcy, influenced by the research of Jacques de Morgan and the French Scientific Mission between 1889 and 1897 that suggested the prospect of large quantities of oil in Iran, took advantage of this opportunity.  The final concession, signed in 1901, allowed D’Arcy “a special and exclusive privilege to search for, obtain, exploit, develop, render suitable for trade, carry away, and sell natural gas petroleum, asphalt and ozokerite throughout the whole extent of the Persian Empire for 60 years”.  In return, the shah received 40,000 pounds down and 40,00 pounds upon formation of the company, as well as sixteen percent of the net profits and a 10,000-pound advance.  In 1908, just as D’Arcy and his company were about to give up the search, the company discovered oil in the southern province of Khuzistan. The discovery of oil led to the formation of the Anglo-Persian Oil Company.  Five years later, Winston Churchill urged the British government to buy 51 percent of the company, putting control of, at the time, the majority of the world’s known oil reserves, in the hands of the British just in time for the World War I.   
Concessions can be justified, albeit somewhat unconvincingly, if the government that grants them controls an area that lacks the labor and economic means necessary to develop their natural resources.  However, at the time that Nasir al-Din Shah granted the D’Arcy concession to the British in 1901, which would set the precedent for all future oil dealings in the Middle East for the next half-century, Iran was in a nearly ideal position to develop its own resources.  Historically, Iran has always had a relatively large population, and during the second half of the twentieth century, that population continued to steadily grow as a result of medical advancements, increased agricultural production, and relative political stability. This growth was not uniform geographically but concentrated in cities.  Thus, Iran was becoming more urbanized, though it still contained high rural and nomadic populations. Thus, Iran possessed two factors essential for transition to an industrial economy at the turn of the twentieth century: recent population growth and urbanization. 
Why did the Persian shahs so readily hand over this incredibly valuable natural resource to a foreign government?  It is true that the Iranians did not yet have the resources to find or exploit their own oil without foreign aid.  However, given that they had the potential to transition into an industrial economy, why, at the very least, did the shahs not engage in stricter negotiations?  At the time the concessions were granted, the Qajar shahs ruled Iran absolutely, with very limited accountability to the people they governed.  The concession agreements were deliberate attempts by the shah to increase personal fortune without increasing accountability to the people, such as by further increasing taxes.  There is evidence that the Nasir al-Din Shah deliberately ignored the plight that the concessions took on his own people: 
“Many of the problems facing the propertied middle class can be seen in a report sent to Nasir al-Din Shah in 1882 by a government official from the port of Burshire on the Persian Gulf.  Having describe[d] the recent growth of Burshire, the official explained that the boom had not benefited the Iranian merchants because, unlike their British competitors, they were handicapped by government neglect, by a lack of storage depots and modern steamboats, and by higher taxes, import duties, and road tolls.  The report warned that local merchants had the choice of either going bankrupt of buying British citizenship.  On the back of the report, Nasir al-Din Shah criticizd the merchants for their ‘selfishness’ and praised the official for his ‘interesting observation but failed typically to initiate any government remedies.”
Kinzer writes, “Had Iran been governed during the nineteenth century by a strong a sophisticated regime, it might have been able to fend off the ambitions of foreign powers.” In other words, had the Qajar shahs chosen to invest in their own oil and other mineral resources, instead of granting almost complete control to the British, it is reasonable to suggest that further population growth and urbanization would have followed suit, spawning even more economic and industrial growth for the country.  Without the “imperialist-designed transportation and communication system,” is likely that further internal infrastructure, would have developed.  With these three factors – population growth, urbanization, and infrastructure - it is possible that Iran could have propelled into “auto-centered economic growth.” Instead, armed with a desire for easy money, the last two shahs of the Qajar dynasty allowed the British to take advantage of their weakness.  By ignoring the interests of their people, they propelled the interests of the British, giving them a foothold in the country that they would be hard pressed to relinquish over the next half century.  Thus, the British government took advantage of the shahs’ irresponsible ruling in order to profit from Iran’s vast oil supplies. 

Opposing Democracy
British intervention was, from the start, immensely unpopular, and it this unpopularity that initially sparked the propulsion of democratic ideals in Iran.  The shah’s lack of accountability became increasingly problematic to Iranian merchants and masses alike, as he continued to pass laws and grant concessions that aided the British but hurt the domestic population.  Iran’s path toward democracy began in 1891, when Nasir al-Din Shah sold a fifty-year monopoly over the production, distribution, and exportation of tobacco in Iran in exchange for a personal gift of 25,000 pounds and an annual rent to the state.  “Under the terms of the concession, every farmer who grew tobacco was required to sell it to the British Imperial Tobacco Company, and every smoker had to buy it at a shop that was part of the British Imperial’s retail network… That this native product would now be taken from the people who produced it and turned into a tool for the exclusive profit of foreigners proved too great of an insult.” The citizens of Iran banded together in a protest that included participants from every social class - from the country's leading religious figures to farmers and merchants to the shah's wives themselves.    It was the first massive popular movement in Iran to democratically change the law, and originated in response to the governments interactions with the British. 
After the tobacco concession protest, Nasir al-Din Shah sold fewer concessions and turned more toward political repression, which held off any further revolutionary progress until his assassination in 1896. However, when the new monarch, Muzaffar al-Din Shah, assumed power, he imposed liberal policies, relaxing censorship and travel bans, and “most important of all, permitted the formation of commercial, cultural, and educational associations.” Instead of placating the burgeoning middle class, as Muzaffar had intended, these policies encouraged opposition. The tobacco concession protest was soon followed by the constitutional revolution of 1906-1911, which established in Iran the concepts of rule of law and equality.
“The constitutional revolution of Iran was indeed a true revolution… [it] caused an immediate shift in the social location of power from the royal court ruled by the Qajar Shahs to a national parliament dominated initially by the urban middle classes… The constitutional revolution also caused radical transofrmations in the system of government… in the official foundations of legitimacy – from the claims of the Shadows of God on Earth and the Divine Rights of Kings to the sovereignty of the People as well as the inalienable Rights of Man and Private Property; and in the official conception of social order – from a hierarchical and patrimonial system to a supposedly democratic and egalitarian system where all Muslims, irrespective of birth, enjoyed in theory open access to positions of authority.”
The Iranians achieved these reforms not thanks to, but in spite of, the British intervention in the country.  One might think that because they promoted such Western ideals, the British government would have supported the constitutional revolution.  However, just the opposite was true, and the British actually weakened the revolutionary movement through foreign intervention.  The Majlis threatened British profits in Iran as long as it worked to “dismantle the elaborate systems of tax exemptions and back-room deals through which the British and Russian syndicates were looting Iran.” As a result, the British supported the shah as he, backed by the religious elite, began a full-scale campaign against the Majlis, going so far as to bombard and sack the building where the Majlis was meeting.  The shah eliminated the Majlis just five years after its creation with the significant support of foreign soldiers, ending the period of brief constitutional monarchy not unlike what had existed in Britain for centuries. While the Majlis was reconstituted years later, it never assumed any real power in relation to the shah.
The discovery of Iranian oil in 1908 provided new motivation for the British to protect their economic interests in the region.  Democracy in Iran had already proven supportive of nationalistic ideals, and therefore threatening to British profits.  In 1919, in order to protect their access to oil, or “a prize from fairyland,” as Winston Churchill called it, the British masterminded the Anglo-Persian Agreement, and bribed the Iranian negotiators to ensure its approval.  “Under its provisions the British assumed control over Iran’s army, treasury, transport system, and communications network.  To secure their new power, they imposed martial law and began ruling by fiat.”  It was no longer enough for the British to rule through the shah.  They dropped all premise of equal trading relationship and simply assumed control. 
The increased British oppression, both economic and political, sparked nationalistic fervor.  This coincided with the invasion of Iran by British, Russian, and Turkish troops during World War I, leaving a vacuum for a powerful figure to step in – a vacuum that would be filled by military officer Reza Kahn.  In 1921, his soldiers entered Tehran and demanded that he be made minister of war.  By 1923, he assumed the title of Prime Minister, and in 1926 the last Qajar shah was deposed with Reza Kahn taking his place – becoming the first shah of the new Pahlavi dynasty.
Reza Shah was a strong dictator, leading the country through an intense period of modernization.  He initiated Iran’s first industrialization program and dramatically improved the country’s infrastructure by building numerous roads, bridges, and state-owned factories.  This may initially appear a sign of good leadership, but the problem emerges in paying for such substantial reforms.  Significant funds were required, but foreign loans were considered off the table, as they would have compromised the shah’s sense of national pride and independence. Instead, Reza Shah funded his programs largely with royalties from the Anglo-Persian Oil Company.  As a result, in part because he was trying to avoid compromising his sense of national sovereignty, Reza Shah actually encouraged further concessions and oil agreements with the British.  Reza Shah also enforced a series of westernizing reforms, often by means of brute force or terror.  
“In 1935 religious leaders called a protest against Reza Shah’s ban of the veil for women and his order that men wear billed caps that would prevent them from touching the floor with their foreheads during prayer.  They gathered with several hundred believers in the sacred Khorasan mosque.  As soon as Reza Shah learned of their assembly, he ordered soldiers to storm the mosque and massacre them.  More than one hundred were killed.”
While Reza Shah was extremely nationalistic and openly criticized the British, he also ruled his country as a dictatorial monarch, censoring newspapers, jailing opposition figures, and centralizing commerce. And although he imposed western social reforms, he willfully ignored the seeds of democracy that had been growing in Iran for the past seventy years. Thus Reza Shah exhibited a strange duality – he clearly admired the West as he attempted to westernize and modernize his nation, and at the same time disregarded the freedoms and democracy that are so essential to Western culture. 
In the 1930s, the worldwide depression limited Iran’s revenues from oil.  The decrease in revenue combined with increasingly nationalistic sentiment led Reza Shah in 1933 to unilaterally cancel the D’Arcy concession agreement that had governed Iran’s economic interactions with Britain since the for the quarter century.  The British disputed the legality of this action, and brought the issue to the recently formed League of Nations.  Eventually, the concession was reinstated, and though the geographical area of the concession was reduced, the length of term was increased.  The new agreement also changed the way that Iran profited from their oil—instead of sixteen percent of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company profits, royalties were to be based on the physical volume of oil exported.  Finally, the company was to recruit its artisans and technical and commercial staff from Iranian nationals “to the extent that it could find Iranians who had the required competence and experience,” and to put in place a plan for the progressive replacement of foreign employees with Iranians within the shortest time possible.  The new agreement still denied Iran any right to control exports.  While the agreement was much improved over the previous D’Arcy agreement, Iranian nationals later viewed it as a sell-out.
Reza Shah abdicated the throne during World War I, “not wish[ing] to work for the Allies” who invaded his country, and handed it off to his inexperienced and unprepared son.  The stage was set for Dr. Mohammad Musaddiq, who “emerged…. as a central political figure in Tehran.”  After being elected to the fourteenth Parliament, he was instrumental in the passage of a law that made it illegal for the Iran to make concessions with foreign governments without the approval of the Majlis.  Foul government intervention in elections for the fifteenth Majlis led Musaddiq to a brief absence, but he was elected again to the sixteenth Majlis as Tehran’s first deputy, “despite the government’s efforts to exclude him and his supporters.”
The National Front was created during Musaddiq’s campaign for election to the sixteenth Parliament, and he soon assumed leadership of the movement.  Its tenets were free and fair elections, freedom of the press and an end to martial law. Fifty-fifty profit sharing for oil concessions became major rallying cry for the Iranian people, unifying their desires for sovereignty and democracy.  This type of profit sharing was achieved first in Venezuela in 1941 and then in Saudi Arabia in 1950. The same year that Saudi Arabia achieved fifty-fifty profit sharing, a Majlis committee led by Musaddiq rejected a draft agreement with the British that offered Iran slightly improved terms but did not include fifty-fifty profit sharing.  
In 1951, under newly elected Muhammad Musaddiq, the Iranian Majlis, or parliament, voted to nationalize the country’s oil industry, effectively taking control of the Anglo-Iranian Oil Company from the British. By October of the same year, all British subjects were expelled from the country.
In July 1952, newspaper headlines read “Mossadegh Wins Double Iran Victories,” referring to both his return to the Premiership and the International Court of Justice ruling that cancellation of the British concession could not be overturned by said court.  Just a year later, in August 1953, the same newspaper published the headline, “Mossadegh Surrenders to Successor.”  With relatively little time in power, Musaddiq succeeded in establishing the democracy Iran had been working for more than half a century, and he did this immediately after the autocratic, dictatorial Reza Shah stepped down.  He put the power of controversial concessions in the hands of the parliament, elected by the people.  His nationalization of the oil industry represented a significant step in progress toward both democracy and sovereignty.  By masterminding Operation Boot and orchestrating it with the Americans, the British decisively chose profit over democracy.  The guise of protecting Iran from the communist threat was a thinly veiled excuse:  If Britain was truly concerned with the triumph of capitalism over communism in the Middle East, it would have supported Musaddiq’s nationalization efforts, instead of overthrowing him.  With the nationalization of the oil industry, Iran was finally headed down the path of economic sovereignty, which in turn promotes the thriving middle class on which capitalism depends. 
The coup against Musaddiq represented just another, albeit more extreme, British attack against democracy and sovereignty, for the sake of protecting oil interests.  Sadly, thus far, Musaddiq represents the final opportunity for the unity of democracy and sovereignty in Iran.  In 1979, distrust and hatred of the West reached an apex, leading to the triumph of Islamist conservatism in the 1979 Iranian Revolution.  Iran united under the rejection of Western culture that had been pushed on them by the Western-backed Pahlavi dynasty, and Western subjugation that had been present over the past 100 years.  Britain laid the groundwork for this revolutionary backlash from the first major Anglo-Iranian concession in 1872, and continued to do throughout the twentieth century by opposing both economic independence and democracy in Iran.  
